We should let the press know
about the hostage situation in the dorm.
Are you crazy? Yeong-ro is in there.
If we also reveal the fact that
they have the ANSP director's daughter,
I doubt they'll hurt our Yeong-ro.
But they already know she's my daughter.
They're still willing
to die with the hostages.
If they find out we've told the press,
they might blow themselves up.
Then we should
make the North order them
not to blow themselves up.
That's impossible.
They want us to send them back unscathed.
We have bait
that's worth 300 million dollars.
Will Lim Ji-rok
give up the 300 million dollars
just to save those expendable spies?
The presidential election is in ten days.
You can take care of this
after the election's won.
If we make this drag on
and be in the news every day
up until the election,
nobody will pay attention
to Han I-seop's case.
Definitely.
Hoping to fight against the Northern spies
holding the girls hostage,
I'm sure people will vote
for candidate Park Mu-yeol.
Exactly.
I'll talk to Lim Ji-rok then.
Withdraw the SWAT team right away.
I'll take care of that.
So you go do your job.
Hurry up. We have no time to lose.
Hey! Get me the radio!
SWAT team, stand by. Don't do anything!
Anyone move a finger,
and I'll kill that bastard myself!
Get dressings ready.
Okay.
Give me the gun.
Now.
This is bad.
I totally forgot about it.
I'm supposed to meet Antonio
at Rome Coffee Shop at five.
What if he thinks I stood him up?
Are you serious right now?
Antonio?
What about your lovers here?
Are you seriously worried about that now?
I guess you haven't heard yet.
She and Gwang-tae are through.
And she's started seeing Antonio
this month. To learn Italian.
Oh, no.
The criminal law final is tomorrow.
They must know
we're being held here, right?
They won't hold the exam, right?
Did she just laugh? Hey.
What's so funny?
You leech living off the tuition we pay.
What?
"Leech living off the tuition we pay"?
What? Am I wrong?
That's what you are.
Don't you agree?
Hey, Polka Dot.
Shut your trap.
You confidently promised to get
300 million dollars from them in ten days.
Rescuing your son
as well as getting 300 million dollars…
Will that be really possible?
Despite knowing it's impossible,
he's trying to buy time.
The almighty Lim Ji-rok is also
just another father who loves his child.